[Joint State Broadcaster] Add option to support only specific interfaces on specific joints (#216)
ros-controls/ros2_controllers: joint_state_broadcaster/doc/userdoc.rst

Hardware interface type
-----------------------

> All available *joint state interfaces* are used, or interfaces defined by the ``joints`` and ``interfaces`` parameters of both are not empty.
> In the latter case, resulting interfaces is a "matrix" of interfaces resulting from the cross-product of those two vectors.
> If some requested interfaces are missing, the controller will print a warning about that, but work for other interfaces.
> If none of the requested interface are not defined, the controller returns error on activation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, all available *joint state interfaces* are used, unless configured otherwise.
In the latter case, resulting interfaces is defined by a "matrix" of interfaces resulting from the cross-product of the ``joints`` and ``interfaces`` parameters.
If some requested interfaces are missing, the controller will print a warning about that, but work for other interfaces.
If none of the requested interface are not defined, the controller returns error on activation.
```

Parameters
----------

``use_local_topics``

  Optional parameter (boolean; default: ``False``) defining if ``joint_states`` and ``dynamic_joint_states`` messages should be published into local namespace, e.g., ``/my_state_broadcaster/joint_states``.

``joints``

  Optional parameter (string array) to support broadcasting of only specific joints and interfaces.

>   It has to be used in combination with ``interfaces`` parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  It has to be used in combination with the ``interfaces`` parameter.
```

  Joint state broadcaster asks for access to all defined interfaces on all defined joints.

``interfaces``

  Optional parameter (string array) to support broadcasting of only specific joints and interfaces.

>   It has to be used in combination with ``joints`` parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  It has to be used in combination with the ``joints`` parameter.
```
